All right so now that we have our main post area all set we also have the single page with the exception
of comments which will be doing later on.
Now I want to show you how we can create custom archive pages if I click on one of these categories
.
It's going to take us to a category archive by click on admin the user name that will take us to the
author archive and there's other ones as well.
OK we can sort.
We can have archives by dates.
We can have them by tags and so on.
So let's go ahead and in our theme folder we're going to create a new file and we're going to save that
as archive Daut ph Pete.
All right.
And then we'll open that up.
Now if I go back and I click on a category here you can see it's blank because it's looking at this
archive each page.
So what I want to do here is I want to copy what's in the index page and we're going to paste that in
.
All right.
Now I want these pages to be much more simple.
OK we don't need the matter like this we don't need the image just pretty much just the title of the
title and the date really is all I want.
So let's go to we have the article tag and we're just going to get rid of that whole thing.
OK we'll cut that right though.
And we're going to replace it with a div and give it a class of archived post.
Right.
And then there we're going to have in age four
and we'll have a link that's going to go to the permalink
and then we'll have the title
.
And then let's see underneath the age four will have a paragraph and then there we're going to say posted
on
the time it will pass and the same formatting options here
.
Let's take a look at that.
All right.
I just want to go to the style sheet real quick and we'll go to the bottom
.
I'll say archived post.
We're going to set a border on the bottom of light gray one pixel solid
padding bottom 10 pixels and will also do 10 pixels on the margin bottom.
All right.
And then we'll take the H for
in the paragraph
and I just want to remove the margin and padding.
All right.
Now I want to have a different heading depending on what type of archive it is.
Let's go back to our archive page.
P.
Now I'm going to piece this in because it's quite a bit.
I'm going to put it right under the main block div..
And what we're doing here is we're using some WordPress press functions that are extremely helpful.
So we have is category that all that will happen if it's a category archive.
And then we're just using this single cat title.
OK.
That can give us the category name we have the if it is an author.
We're going to have eco archives by author and then the author's name and then have the post right here
.
Now this isn't needed all the time.
I forget that there's a special case where this is actually needed so just throw that in there.
Same thing with Redwine posts.
All right.
If it's a tag we can actually give the tag title.
If it's by day we can say archive's by day and then just say get the date.
We can also do the same here.
This should actually be month.
And then this one will be a year.
All right.
Now if it's none of these then it's just going to say archives.
All right so let's save that and if we go back and reload now you can see we're getting archives by
author admen.
OK.
If we go back to a post click on the category it gives us the category name.
All right so that's how that works.
Seen kind of the same kind of view for the search.
All right so when we search for something so what we'll do is create a new file and we'll just call
it search dog pee pee.
All right.
And then I'm going to copy what we have in the archive ph pee and paste it in there.
But we want to get rid of this all this if statement stuff.
I'm just going to take that out and then we'll just say search results
.
And there we go.
All right.
And just to make sure the search is definitely working let's put in the word hello in blog post 2 and
then if we go back to the front end and we search for a hello blog post two comes up.
All right so that works.
Now I want to link to the home page in the menus so let's do that.
We go to menus
and we're going to do is go to custom links for the you Arel I'm going to put in a local whole slew
W.P. themes and then for the tax or just say home and add to menu that up here the top save it.
And then if we go back and or you load we have a home link.
So in the next video I want to take a look at content types.
OK so are post types.
Right now we just have regular blog post but we can also have things like galleries.
We can have a side content we can have links and so on.
All right.
So we'll get to that next.